Tock 2.0: clarify subscribe behavior w.r.t. invalid/refused callback (#2405)
tock/tock: doc/reference/trd-syscalls.md

If the passed callback is not valid (is outside process executable
memory and is not the Null Callback described below), the kernel MUST
NOT invoke the requested driver and MUST immediately return a failure
with a return code of EINVAL. The currently registered callback

> remains unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
remains registered and the kernel does not cancel any pending invocations
of the existing callback.
```

> A passed callback MUST be valid until the next invocation of

Reviewer 2: I think "valid" should be added after "A passed callback MUST be valid until the next", because an existing callback must remain valid after a failed `subscribe` call.

Author: I agree. I've actually changed it so say "accepted" instead of "valid", as it not only matters whether the kernel deems this to be a valid callback, but also whether the capsule accepts the subdriver number, and swaps the callbacks internally.

> A passed callback MUST be valid until the next accepted invocation of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any callback passed from a process MUST remain valid until the next successful invocation of
```

> `subscribe` with the same syscall and driver identifier. When

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`subscribe` by that process with the same syscall and driver identifier. When
```

> userspace issues an accepted subscribe system call (one which results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a process makes a successful subscribe system call (one which results
```

in the `Success with 2 u32` return variant), the kernel MUST cancel

> all pending callbacks for that driver and subscribe identifier: it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all pending callbacks on that process for that driver and subscribe identifier: it
```

> MUST NOT invoke the previous callback after the call to subscribe, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MUST NOT invoke the previous callback after the call to `subscribe`, and
```

> MUST NOT invoke the new callback for events that occurred before the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MUST NOT invoke the new callback for events that the kernel handled before the
```

> call to subscribe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
call to `subscribe`.
```
